h1. PlusSlider jQuery Plugin

A jQuery content slider that is easily configurable and can easily be switched between 'fading' and 'sliding'

h2. Features
* Slides are <em>HTML</em> (<em>Can be images or text</em>)
* Easily swap between <strong>fading</strong> &amp; <strong>sliding</strong>
* Multiple PlusSliders per page
* Very <em>simple</em> &amp; <em>valid markup</em>
* Autoplay (<em>Optional</em>)
* <strong>Next/Previous</strong> Navigation (<em>Optional</em>)
* Titled or numbered <strong>paginated</strong> navigation (<em>Optional</em>)
* Callback available after each slide
* Tested on <strong><abbr title="Internet Explorer">IE</abbr>7+</strong> and <strong>modern browsers</strong>

h2. Default Options
<pre>$('#slider').plusSlider({
        createArrows: true, // Creates forward and backward navigation
        nextText: 'Next', // The next button's text
        prevText: 'Previous', // The previous button's text

        createPagination: true, // Creates Numbered pagination
        paginationBefore: false, // Place the pagination above the slider within the HTML
        paginationWidth: true, // Automatically gives the pagination a dynamic width
        paginationTitle: false, // Checks for attribute 'data-title' on each slide and names the pagination accordingly
        paginationThumbnails: false, // Creates a thumbnail preview of the slide you hover over in the pagination. Note: To use this effectuively, make sure you're using the 'transform: scale(x,y) CSS property. Doesn't work in IE.
        
        displayTime: 4000, // The amount of time the slide waits before automatically moving on to the next one. This requires 'autoPlay: true'
        speed: 500, // The amount of time it takes for a slide to fade into another slide
        
        autoPlay: true, // Creats a times, looped 'slide-show'
        keyboardNavigation: true, // The keyboard's directional left and right arrows function as next and previous buttons
        pauseOnHover: true, // Autoplay does not continue ifsomeone hovers over Plus Slider.
        
        sliderEasing: 'linear', // Anything other than 'linear' and 'swing' requires the easing plugin
        sliderType: 'slider', // Choose whether the carousel is a 'slider' or a 'fader'
        
        width: false, // Overide the default CSS width
        height: false, // Overide the default CSS width
        
        onSlide: null // Callback function for you developers

 });</pre>

h2. Using Navigation Functions

If you wish to be able to navigate the slides via code (for example, if you have alterantive or additional pagination controls besides the ones that are automatically generated by the slider), you need to initialize the slider in a slightly different way:
<pre>var slider = null;

$(document).ready(function(){
    slider = new $.plusSlider($('#slider'), {});
});
slider.toSlide('next'); //move slider to next slide
slider.nextSlide('prev'); //move slider to previous slide
slider.toSlide(3); //move slider to arbitrary index (first slide is 0, second is 1, etc.)
</pre>

h2. Pagination Thumbnails

The thumbnails are dynamically created. This will make your life a lot easier as you won't have to create seperate smaller images for each slide. This functionality is slightly more advanced than the rest and requires a bit of CSS knowledge/experience to manipulate as desired. The pagination thumbnails functionality relies heavily on the transform: scale(x,y) CSS property and value. If this property is not applied, the 'thumbnails' will be the same size as the slides and therefore render it useless. This option will not run on browsers that don't support it. So feel free to use it for progressive enhancement.

h2. Customizing PlusSlider

h3. General Customization
The default example is a great demonstration of what you can do with PlusSlider, but you probably want to customize the slider to match your site's design.
To see the bare minimum of styles that are required for a functioning slider, look at the "minimal.html" and "minimal.css" example files. These have all but the most essential styles stripped away so you can easily identify what is and isn't needed for your own custom slider design.

Some things to note about widths and heights:
* The slider div must have specific width+height set in either CSS *OR* via the "width" and "height" javascript options.
* Every piece of interior content must *ALSO* have explicit widths + heights set via CSS (these cannot be set by the "width" and "height" javascript options). Each interior content piece's width + padding-left + padding-right + margin-left + margin-right should equal the slider div's width, and each interior content piece's height + padding-top + padding-bottom + margin-top + margin-bottom should equal the slider div's height.
* If the interior content is just an image, the image tag's "width" and "height" attributes can be used instead of CSS width and height.
* When using the "fader" effect (sliderType:fader), setting the width/height via javascript options will do some resizing/clipping of images and content (which can be helpful if you have variably-sized content from a CMS, for example). This does not occur when using the "slider" effect.
* When using the "fader" effect (sliderType:fader) with non-image content, you will want some kind of background (either a non-transparent background-image or a solid background-color) otherwise the effect will not be smooth.

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 1.3
* Added nextText and prevText options
* Added the paginationThumbnails option
* Added the nextSlide() functionality to toSlide()
* Removed the nextSlide() function - Redundant

h3. Version 1.2.6
* Added a paginationTitle
* Plugin optimization
* Added a minimal style option for easier CSS customization - jordanlev
* Added onSlide callback option - jordanlev
* Added toSlide() function - jordanlev

h3. Version 1.2
* Added option to place pagination before the slides
* Fixed a bug where PlusSlider wouldn't fade when display was set to none
* Removed version number from all file names

h3. Version 1.1
* Added support for multiple sliders per page
* Added a <code>width</code> &amp; <code>height</code> option

h3. Version 1
* First official version